docs: clarify register() and boot() usage in Plugin registration file (#228) (#237)
wintercms/docs: plugin/registration.md

| `registerMailTemplates()`   | registers any [mail view templates](../services/mail#registering-mail-layouts-templates-and-partials) supplied by this plugin. |
| `registerMarkupTags()`      | registers [additional markup tags](#extending-twig) that can be used in the CMS.                                               |
| `registerNavigation()`      | registers [backend navigation menu items](#navigation-menus) for this plugin.                                                  |
| `registerPermissions()`     | registers any [backend permissions](../backend/users#registering-permissions) used by this plugin.                             |
| `registerReportWidgets()`   | registers any [backend report widgets](../backend/widgets#report-widget-registration), including the dashboard widgets.        |
| `registerSchedule()`        | registers [scheduled tasks](../plugin/scheduling#defining-schedules) that are executed on a regular basis.                     |
| `registerSettings()`        | registers any [backend configuration links](settings#settings-link-registration) used by this plugin.                          |

> | `registerValidationRules()` | registers any [custom validators](../services/validation#custom-validation-rules) supplied by this plugin.                     |

Reviewer: This form of table markdown is literally only used for the Twig custom options table on this file when looking at the entirety of all of the documentation files and even then it does not make use of the extra whitespace as seen here. Please revert the formatting changes to the tables, they are unnecessary and clutter up the diff.

The tables look fine as they are now: https://wintercms.com/docs/v1.2/docs/plugin/registration#supported-methods

Author: Thanks for the clarification, Luke. I’ve restored the table formatting as requested to match the original style and keep the diff clean.

`needs_context` | boolean | `false` | if true provides the current `TwigContext` as the first argument (second if `needs_environment also set`) to the filter call
`is_safe` | array | `[]` | array of languages (usually `html` or `all` are valid values) that the output of the filter / function is safe to be used on without escaping
`pre_escape` | string | `''` | (only filters) will pre-escape the value before it is passed to your filter for the language that you set (usually `'html'`)
`preserves_safety` | array | `[]` | (only filters) array of languages (usually `html`) that the filter will preserve the safety setting of for previous filters in the chain. i.e. if the previous filter in the chain says that its safe and doesn't require escaping then neither will this one, but if it says that it's unsafe and requires escaping then so will this one.
`is_variadic` | boolean | `false` | if true will pass any extra arguments provided to the filter as a single array as the last argument to the filter call
`deprecated` | boolean | `false` | if true marks the current filter as being deprecated (usually used with `alternative`) to provide an alternative option

> `alternative` | string | `''` | if `deprecated` is true, provides a recommended alternative filter to use instead.

Reviewer: These changes need to be reverted, they serve no purpose as far as I can tell

Author: Thanks for the clarification, Luke. I’ve now reverted the markup tag options table to its original format as suggested.
Let me know if anything else needs adjustment.

`label` | specifies the menu label localization string key, required.
`icon` | an icon name from the [Winter CMS icon collection](/docs/v1.2/ui/style/icon), optional.
`iconSvg` | an SVG icon to be used in place of the standard icon, the SVG icon should be a rectangle and can support colors, optional.

> `url` | the URL the menu item should point to, for example `Backend::url('author/plugin/controller/action')`; required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`url` | the URL the menu item should point to (ex. `Backend::url('author/plugin/controller/action')`, required.
```
